TINY-8588: NBSP characters weren't preserved near cef block elements (#7781)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to `'blockquote'` #TINY-6559

### Fixed

> - Spaces would not be added or shown on Chrome in certain situations #TINY-8588

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spaces would not be added correctly on some browsers when before or after a contenteditable block element #TINY-8588
```
This would also happen on Edge and I suspect Safari, so this might be better?
